Update design docs for proposal #6710: `char` redesign (#7281)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/design/lexical_conventions/character_literals.md

# Character literals

<!--
Part of the Carbon Language project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM
Exceptions. See /LICENSE for license information.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
-->

<!-- toc -->

## Table of contents

-   [Overview](#overview)
-   [Details](#details)
    -   [Escape Sequences](#escape-sequences)
-   [References](#references)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Overview

A character literal represents a single Unicode code point at compile time.
Character literals are delimited by single quotes (`'`), for example `'a'`.

```carbon
var a: char = 'a';
var newline: char = '\n';
```

## Details

A character literal consists of a sequence of characters enclosed in single
quotes (`'`).

-   The contents must represent precisely one Unicode code point.
-   Hex escape sequences (`\xHH`) are supported but limited to values up to `7F`
    (where the UTF-8 code unit and Unicode code point values are identical).

>     Values `80` and above are disallowed in character literals to avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Hex escape sequences (`\xHH`) are supported but limited to values up to `0x7F`
    (where the UTF-8 code unit and Unicode code point values are identical).
    Values `0x80` and above are disallowed in character literals to avoid
```
